Logging solution replacement for oklog with grafana/loki (#2514)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/logging/docs/01-01-logging.md

title: Overview
---

> Logging in Kyma uses [Loki](https://github.com/grafana/loki) which is a Prometheus-like log management system. This lightweight solution, integrated with Grafana, is easy to understand and operate. Loki provides a log router (promtail) for Docker containers. The router runs inside Docker, connects with each container on a host and routes the container's logs to the log management system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logging in Kyma uses [Loki](https://github.com/grafana/loki) which is a Prometheus-like log management system. This lightweight solution, integrated with Grafana, is easy to understand and operate. Loki provides Promtail which is a log router for Docker containers. Promtail runs inside Docker, checks each container and routes the logs to the log management system.
```
